---
layout: post
title: "About Me"
date:  2013-09-15 17:51
categories: about
---

Hello! My name is Farhan Sareshwala, a student at UC Davis. If you are on this page, you are interested in learning about me, so let's begin!

I am currently pursuing a double major of Computer Science and Psychology (with a cognition emphasis). My aim, with this double major, is to get into brain simulation or artificial intelligence -- either of those would be fantastic. 

In 2013, I designed an experiment to measure eye movements and cumulative looking time as an indicator of decision. Under the supervision of Dr. Joy Geng, the head of the Geng lab at the UC Davis Center for Mind and Brain, and Dr. Eve Isham, I coded the experiment from scratch in Presentation (a language based off of C), ran it on over 30 students from UC Davis (including eye calibration and a baseline test), and analyzed the data using Matlab, Perl, and R. I also presented this research at the UC Davis Undergraduate Research Conference and the Stanford Undergraduate Psychology Conference, and my results can be seen here: [Predicting Your Decisions Before They're Made]({{ site.url }}/resources/poster.pdf)

In addition, I work at the UC Davis Computer Science Instructional Facility (better known as the CSIF), where I maintain over eighty computers running Fedora, a Linux distribution. I also triage tickets for the College of Engineering, answer student questions regarding the labs, and update scripts for the users' convenience (like the quota management script, fquota.pl).

I also enjoy [photography][photos], learning new languages (I currently speak English, French, Urdu, and a bit of a few other languages including Esperanto and Japanese), and [visiting new places][places].

[photos]: http://fsaresh.com/photography/2013/09/15/photos.html
[places]: http://fsaresh.com/photography/2013/09/15/places.html
